It's not your turn
Why do I think my sister doesn't like me very much?
He doesn't want me to work here?
Leave him alone.
You weren't sisters either
You are the adopted daughter of the Qin family
The Qin family's parents don't cherish you much either
So I'm an adopted daughter
No, why did I see him and feel like I didn't like it for some reason?
Your girlfriend ran away, aren't you going to chase her?
I'll take a look.
Doctor Qin is here
Long time no see
Dr. Qin, your sister is not worthy to be our daughter-in-law
Although you have amnesia now
But Auntie still has something to say to you
Auntie wants you to be our own daughter-in-law.
Madam, but I already have Winniff
We're getting married next week.
That Gu Yiming
He doesn't really like you either.
You have amnesia now
You don't remember a lot of things
If you continue to live in the Qin family
You're going to let them turn you upside down.
You mean they are lying to me?
I shouldn't have said this
But none of their Qin family is sincere to you
If you are married to you on purpose
You will regret it.
He and that Qin Xiaoxuan are not clear
Because ah, diet and life.
It's a good thing for us.
In this way, he can marry you smoothly
Xiaoxuan can also marry Ji Lingchun safely
So I'm going to marry a little girl next week
In this way, you are very happy without Xiaoxuan.